Shared resources 1.2 (#85265)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ephemeral-storage-sharing-configmaps-across-namespaces.adoc

* Manage roles and role bindings across the namespaces in the cluster to control which users can get, list, and watch those instances.
* Manage roles and role bindings across the namespaces in the cluster to control which service accounts in pods that mount your Container Storage Interface (CSI) volume can use those instances.
* Access the namespaces that contain the Secrets you want to share.

.Procedure

. Create a `SharedConfigMap` or `SharedSecret` CR instance for the config map that you want to share across namespaces in the cluster:
+
[source,terminal]
----
apiVersion: sharedresource.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: SharedConfigMap
metadata:
  name: share-test-config
spec:
  configMapRef:
    name: shared-config
    namespace: <name_of_the_source_namespace>
----

. Create a `ClusterRole` CR instance that grants RBAC permission to use the referenced shared resource:
+
[source,terminal]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: shared-configmap-use-share-test-config
rules:
  - apiGroups:
      - sharedresource.openshift.io
    resources:
      - sharedconfigmaps
    resourceNames:
      - share-test-config
    verbs:
      - use

> ----

Reviewer: This is still needed.

* Create a `ClusterRole` object for the `SharedConfigMap` CR.
* Create role and role binding for the Shared Resource Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver.
* Manage roles and role bindings across the namespaces in the cluster to control which users can get, list, and watch those instances.
* Manage roles and role bindings across the namespaces in the cluster to control which service accounts in pods that mount your CSI volume can use those instances.
* Access the namespaces that contain the secrets you want to share.

.Procedure

. Create a `SharedConfigMap` CR instance for the config map that you want to share across namespaces in the cluster. See the following example configuration:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sharedresource.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: SharedConfigMap
metadata:
  name: share-test-config
spec:
  configMapRef:
    name: shared-config
    namespace: <name_of_the_source_namespace>
----

. . Create a `ClusterRole` CR instance that grants Role-based access control (RBAC) permission to use the referenced shared resource by using the following example configuration:
+
[source,yaml]

> ----
> apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
> kind: ClusterRole
> metadata:
>   name: shared-configmap-use-share-test-config
> rules:
>   - apiGroups:
>       - sharedresource.openshift.io
>     resources:
>       - sharedconfigmaps
>     resourceNames:
>       - share-test-config
>     verbs:
>       - use
> ----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: <cluster_role_name> <1> 
rules:
  - apiGroups:
      - sharedresource.openshift.io
    resources:
      - sharedconfigmaps
    resourceNames:
      - share-test-config <2> 
    verbs:
      - use
----
<1> Replace `` with the name of the `ClusterRole` CR.
<2> Defines the name of the `SharedConfigMap` CR.

```

These callouts-descriptions will help users, IMO. I recommend to check these newly added callouts with SME or QE.
